feat(relay): emit event when client connections are dropped (#5869)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/relay/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.20.0

> - Emit `relay::Event::ReservationClosed` when all the connections with the client is dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Emit `relay::Event::ReservationClosed` when an active reservation is dropped due to the connection closing.
```

Author: Pushed it. Thanks.

## 0.19.1

> - Remove duplicated forwarding of pending events to connection handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove duplicated forwarding of pending events to connection handler.
- Emit `relay::Event::ReservationClosed` when an active reservation is dropped due to the connection closing.
  See [PR 5869](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5869).
```

Merge changelog entries because 0.19.1 is not released, and add link to PR.

Author: Pushed it! Will be more accurate with the changelogs next time around, thanks for the help!
